So, I just wanted for you to see generally what I was attempting to accomplish, but I lacked experience and LLMs have come a long way since 2024. My idea comes from my previous career as an analytical chemist. In several of my positions I would often have to reference the USEPA methods or other standards in order to over come some challenge. Especially at the commercial mix waste environmental laboratory that I first started at. We had DOD, DOE, USEPA Superfund, National Laboratory, and even George up the road at the farm who would bring us all sorts of matrixes. This caused lots of exceptions, variances, decisions, etc. We often joked that we were more like lawyers than chemists due to all of the paperwork, having to present arguments in defense of our decisions, etc. This is to give you the high level view of the array of potential problems that we have. The 1st thing that I would like to do is provide an easy to use, yet dynamic way to reference USEPA methods and a given laboratory's internal SOPs, QAP, and any other document for that matter. The first thing that I thought of was tokenizing the documents (USEPA methods I previously downloaded and have stored locally), store in a database (initially I was thinking a hypergraph, but I am open to suggestion; does not have to be MongoDB), and then I could let some former colleagues know that I have built this tool. Then they could test it and give me feedback. Eventually this is something that I would like to build into an AI Auditing Suite that I would like to pitch to some contacts that I have at the USEPA in Cincinnati, OH. Effectively all that would be initially the USEPA source of truth that an LLM would use to do a paper audit of laboratories across the US. IF the USEPA adopted it, then all the other accreditation organizations would likely follow. If not I could also pitch it to laboratories as an internal audit tool and AI assistant for the scientists and technicians. Really it is scalable in that field generally. I wouldn't offer the auditing tool OS, but the knowledge graph/AI lab assistant I think should be. As far as how the plan is constructed, as long as it is systematic with clearly defined phases and deliverables for each phase, I don't have a preference for the planning style or phase structure. In reference to the stack, I would like to, eventually, make this tool mobile friendly. So, anything that we can do to make that additional format easier to add, we should plan for that now. The idea is that someone in the lab may not have a computer right there, but they may have their phone. If they have a question pop up and need to make a decision in the moment, it is very convenient to have a mobile app. Otherwise, I generally prefer Rust these days due to security and speed, but it seems like everyone has drank the JS/TS Kool-Aid. I also enjoy Python a lot, but I am starting to understand why programmers move away from Python despite the benefits that appeal to beginners. So, for the tech stack I am open to suggestion, but I have stated my preference and limited scope of previous experience (basically Python, TS, and Rust). I also suck at front end, so I'm all ears for UI/UX. Did I miss anything?